improve docs snpeff cache (#31)
qbic-pipelines/pipeline-docs: docs/markdown/exomeseq.md

### SnpEff cache

> To download the SnpEff cache on the cfc, you can install the latest snpEff version with conda.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To download the SnpEff cache on the cfc, you can install the snpEff version, that is used in the sarek version you are running, with conda. Currently, for ```sarek 2.7.1```, snpEff version ```snpeff=4.3.1t=0``` is used. If you run an older sarek release, you can check the ```environment.yml``` on GitHub for the used snpeff version.
```

It is important to use the snpEff version that the Sarek release you want to use is using:

```bash

> conda create -n snpeff snpeff

Reviewer: ```suggestion
conda create -n snpeff snpeff=4.3.1t=0
```
